you spend enough time lutein and Scouten
sneaking and killing you're gonna see
first hand the tools of the trade and
most people use truly some uninspired
[__] boring lame derivative I wouldn't
shoot my mother with that gun I've
become so desensitized to normy guns
while others would consider fat loot I
shrug at Oh what really gets me going
what really revs my engine what really
stiffens my peepee are those people that
stride upon the fringe of what is
socially acceptable to use when shooting
someone in the face of free thinkers the
great minds that create a weapon never
even thought of before those are the
types of guns I like to loot
ah-oh want some examples all right then
that's fine come on like this way Hey
but put on your 3d glasses [__] cuz
it's coming at you nobody likes getting
fleeced man not on the flea market on
tarkov not in real life which is why
this episode is sponsored by honey honey
is a free browser extension that
automatically finds promo codes wherever
you shop online
that means you always get the best deal
on over 20,000 sites including Amazon
eBay Newegg Best Buy it's a cinch to
install takes two clicks pop pop will
saved a bunch of money on these fiber
gummies you know you guys might not want
these now but in five or ten years you
might you might know what I'm talking
about there is literally no reason to
not use honey when buying stuff online
so go to join honey calm Ford / General
Sam that's joined honey calmed Ford /
General Sam oh this one this one's great
dude this is Bissell's creation truly a
pioneer man this calls it the Careless
Whisper you see it's got all the form
factor of an obras but the long reaching
lethality of a regular Mosin and what a
beaut what a beauty you know it's not
that it's not that bad at range either
guess how much her go ahead
three it does have three exactly what's
a really bad number Wow all right you're
really great rifles him I'm going down
to the clip face I just dropped them far
away I want to go in there and hit him
with the flashlights oh [__] I forgot
about the short-range capability of this
gun it's an all-around Swiss Army knife
of firepower all right so I think I got
one I don't think I got the second one
so we have one guy that is down oh wait
I do have a grenade I think good story
baby just gang Buster stuff and with the
[__] searchlight last room I got one
is there a dead guy in there yeah
there's two dead guys I killed both you
got it oh my [__] god
okay one's been looted the other one is
his friend give me that [__] dog tag
it is get his rig get his rig that reads
perfect why am i doing so what the
Careless Whisper it's so powerful this
next one on the list this one's a
personal fave dude this one's a fave
this one was this one was made by my
friend BB at first glance you might say
hey that's a little a K right well take
a look again baby that ain't no a K
that's a P P 19 yeah man this thing this
thing was designed for the discerning
gentleman that once the dangerous look
in aggressiveness of an ake a but
without any of the actual stopping power
this is uh this is for the ladies that
can't control recoil this is for the
dudes that got a tender shoulder
a rotator cuff injury whacking off in
the shower it's all in the wrist fellas
remember that this thing's for the boys
that want to show off that they can
spend twice as much money on ammo that's
half as good this is an aristocrats
weapon this is like drinking a
non-alcoholic beer that doors open down
there I don't know if it's random
someone right there
I [__] a money
tell them Adam and Daniel dude you've
just come into your own with that thing
this is my gun
this is your gun man you know there's
nothing better than making something you
know like a carpenter making a chair and
then just seeing a man sit in it so well
no what is this what is this actual a K
do you see that yeah it's a little dry
for five yeah this thing served us well
it's not a bad not bad gun no I like it
this thing is uh this thing this is I
don't know what the [__] this thing is
it was supposed to be some sort of giant
revolver okay giant revolver it is why
there's a revolver in this game there is
now [__] I got them and then in this
little bag here I'm gonna put a pack of
cigarettes a hard drive full of the best
pornography and 40mm 80 rounds of that
right next to us what oh no I gotta get
a [__] thing out sleep roughly he's
got an actual gun oh yeah he does do I
had to the revolver is not known for its
close quarters capabilities no he's in
the truck is sure yeah shaaka revolver
um I got this I really need to change
that [__] song right do you hear all
that gunfire yeah
it's boss can do we need to go fight
that come on this is where I saw the
gunshots down in this hallway
oh my god what it's a Raider
it's a Raider I'm here grenade charger
night yeah I'm grenading oh it didn't go
in these are kind of falling apart
aren't they this is uh this is like a
clubbing device I feel like I've done
this before
oh we're both using one yeah I didn't
think you were bringing one for you Oh
last time we were in this situation you
brought me a mp5 I think it was with
five or six lights on it oh yeah we have
so I was just expecting that kind of
scenario it's nothing like that
I forgot about that okay it might be
very similar to that actually might be
exactly that you're a very bad memory I
do on let me turn on mine so you can see
do you see it Jesus Christ I could see
better before you got to keep the light
on that all times your lights not work
did I put batteries in those things oh
there we go okay if there were someone
at the end of that Hall I wouldn't know
go peek that was it yeah but they
wouldn't know either know something they
won't know their retinas will be burned
out of there I think this is more of the
hindrance to us than anything it's
absolutely 100% we go cheeki breeki
pipe and squeaky
I can't see a damn thing I had no idea
there was someone there and now I got
him anybody you see no no no I don't
like all my good ideas I stole this one
from the subreddit this one is uh it's a
it's a VSS but for a man that doesn't
want to shoot at VSS prices or at VSS
speeds it's the economy VSS
it's actually just an m4 there's someone
above us we got a wounded with my legs
my legs I can't feel my legs are you
stretching are you limbered up oh okay
let's go down to the food library oh god
boss do you see him
I'm dead you know I've been trying to
use that stupid like VSS m4
I've died every [__] time I'm
starting to think it's just a bad omen
it's dog [__] this one ain't even wacky
this thing's [__] tight yeah I would
uh neurotically use this this thing
doinks I would let this thing [__] my
wife are you gonna go pay do I need to
vote i'm synchronising I need to pee but
I'm synchronizing six seconds till we
get in and Sam Dawes all right hurry up
Sam hurry up all right you in don't
worry
yeah yeah I'm covering you with my ax
IVA I'm up in the tower dude sorry that
took so long
like I don't pee like I used to bro I
think my process pretty fast what the
how does this even work yeah sorry it
took so long to pee bro I was [__]
hey my prostate is failing I feel like
Robert Baratheon you know like yeah God
so I was strong back thinking about my
old strong stream of urine days let's
pop through this window big Wiggly style
sort of technique to jumping to his
[__] thing yeah
you gotta get good so I'd be here for a
while I mean I feel like I'm doing that
I feel like you're not doing it shut
your hole man ain't no sucks to suck you
know what I'm saying Jeff to sprint I
don't know like you're the [__] one
that wants to jump out windows you don't
know the technique to do so you know
what there's a hole over here okay okay
go out the back take a right and take
another right you'll find me at the
garage they're around here somewhere bro
there's gunshots oh there he is on top
of the roof
you see him but no I don't know why a
[__] watch this tonight it's gonna be
the best toss of my wife I managed to
get him throw another one Oh what am i
taking damage from I'm going in going
bottom floor I'm on the stairs that you
came down oh I see him you [__] you
get him no no no I shot him once ways I
mean he's like under me no no he went in
the same door that we went into you
might be coming up now you guys are
probably thinking there's a lack of
James Bond type guns on this list well
look no further dude this thing here is
everything you need to liberate the
gulags of Soviet Russia got a nice 1 by
2 slot form-factor you've got an
incredibly long range scope for them
long distance engagements get the red
dot for short-range capability not to
mention the sight for short range
capability and let's not forget top
sight for short range capability this is
the best all-around her in a tight
package I've ever seen this baby's good
it does it all
when George W Bush said he was looking
for weapons of mass destruction
I think this is what he meant Alexis
shut up to the dome we go
let me lay down make sure nobody's up at
them no I'm making sure no one's up at
them I said first nice to 200 meters
these backside of cinder oh I see you
got a big backpack to hold on I'm gonna
go walk left and right at the domes you
can bait some shots at me I'm like very
clearly out in the open right now dude
we frightened him we have frightened him
don't let your sight get cloudy don't
let your vision become narrowed by what
is deemed socially acceptable in the
world of tarkov experiment improvised
sniper shotgun [__] do it
CQC FAL do it let your imagination run
wild oh hey what's up man no no no no no
I'm not busy I'm not busy now I'm
recording a video about a teaching
people to use shitty guns so they're
easier to kill you know just read
propaganda they're [__] animals dude
and I'm gonna kill them like animals
[Music]
I would let this thing [__] my wife